Fix #3173 - ClinVar export prefer OMIM condition (#3176)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed unused `add_compounds` param from variant controllers function
- Changed default hg19 genome for IGV.js to legacy hg19_1kg_decoy to fix a few problematic loci
- Reduce code complexity (parse/ensembl.py)

> - Only one ClinVar submission variant contition type per variant is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only one phenotype condition (type OMIM or HPO) per variant is used in ClinVar submissions
```
